 Label | Obligation | Satisfaction | Comment 
--- | --- | --- | --- 
 Originating Source | Required | This will primarily be the URL of the DC21   software system. We are currently speaking with the UWS library and this may,   in some cases, be the URL of a library system that will provide long-term   management of the data and metadata. | Base URL of DC21.
Group | Required | University of Western Sydney <br>(see [ANDS CPG Group](http://ands.org.au/guides/cpguide/cpggroup.html)) | Hardcode "University of Western Sydney"
 Collection Type | Required | Provided. | This should be hardcoded as 'dataset' which   is defined as a "collection of physical or digital objects generated by   research activities". Any special circumstances can be handled by the library in ReDBox. 
 Name / Title | Required | Provided. Will be user entered. | As entered on post-publish screen. 
 Collection.description <br> type=brief | Required | Provided. Will be user entered. | As entered on post-publish screen that is pre-populated with description field(s) from the experiment  metadata. 
 Collection.location.electronic | Required | Provided as the location of the ZIP file   generated by a search. | URL of the ZIP file containing all the actual data. <br>`<electronic type="url">`<br>`<value>FULL PATH TO ZIP FILE</value>`<br>`</electronic>`
 Collection.description <br> type=rights | Required | Provided. Will be auto extracted from the experiment metadata. | A description of type "rights" appears to be the new preferred way of supplying this information. <br>http://ands.org.au/guides/cpguide/cpgdescription.html 
 Subject | Recommended | These values will be researcher selected from the NetCDF conventions recommended by OzFlux: <br> [Unidata](http://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/conventions.html)  <br> [CF Metadata](http://cf-pcmdi.llnl.gov) | Multiple "subject" elements covering both free text subjects and for codes. <br> FOR codes and subject keywords should be gathered from all the experiments that the files in the collection are linked to, and then filtered down to a unique set, so that each FOR code and keyword is only included once. <br> FOR codes should be included as: <br>`<subject type="anzsrc-for">0502</subject>` <br>`<subject type="anzsrc-for">070508</subject>` <br> The free text keyword subjects should be added as 'local' subjects: <br> `<subject type="local">Eddy covariance flux</rif:subject> `
 Collection.coverage.spacial | Recommended | Provided. Will be auto-extracted from facility   metadata. This metadata will be managed through the DC21 system by the   facility technicians. | Spatial locations should be gathered from all the facilities that the files in the collection are linked to (via experiment). There should then be one element in the RIFCS for each facility that has a location. Facilities with no location specified should be skipped. <br><br> Expressed as a set of KML long/lat co-ordinates derived from GML defining a polygon as described by the KML coordinates element but without the altitude component. <br> http://code.google.com/apis/kml/ <br> `<coverage>` <br> `<spatial type="gmlKmlPolyCoords">152.030000,-24.480000</spatial>` <br> `</coverage> ` 
 Temporal Coverage | Recommended | Provided for time-series data. Will be auto-extracted from data files where possible otherwise user entered. | Date range describing the collection. <br> Where the collection was NOT the result of a date search: <br> \* start and end dates should be the earliest start date and latest end date of the files in the collection. <br> Where the collection was the result of a date search: <br> \* start date is later of: the earliest start date in the files in the collection OR the searched start date <br> \* end date is the earlier of: the latest end date in the files OR the searched end date <br> E.g. <br> \* if a file runs from 1/Jan/2012 to 30/June/2012 and we searched form 1/Dec/2011 to 1/Dec/2012, the start/end dates for rifcs would be 1/Jan/2012 to 30/June/2012 <br> \* if a file runs from 1/Jan/2012 to 30/June/2012 and we searched form 1/Feb/2012 to 1/Mar/2012, the start/end dates for rifcs would be 1/Feb/2012 to 1/Mar/2012 (since we will have trimmed the files down to that range) <br> We only show dates (not times), since we don't know the timezone of the times, and times are not particularly relevant for this anyway. 
Collection.relatedInfo.notes | Internal to UWS | Internal to UWS | This is the place agreed with Amir to place the name and contact details of the user that is publishing the collection. <br> http://ands.org.au/guides/cpguide/cpgrelatedinfo.html